Yes....
Ohhh...
I can... (***)
Hundreds per day...
She's very amazing geenyoury..
Ong  Etta...
Yeah... Who's que....
I  was speed...  he ...    (***)
Please...
Ha... ha... ha... ha... ha...
Ha, ha, ha...
Would you guys classify pretty and pink?
Dovry  beeen  a comedy though, right?
Like  John Hughes.
I don't know if it was really like a comedy, like a rom-com is what I was expecting.
Yeah...
Are you trying?
Ohhhh...
Something's gotta give.
Under the Tuscan sun.
So...     Ohhh...
Yes.
Something's gotta give.
Thank you. (***)
I never watched it, but is it Jack Nicholson and Steve Martin?
I heard of the Jane Eyre book club.
Ohhhh...
Bergen.
Austeen burgen and  (***)  something burgen...
Ha, ha, ha...
They all decided to read that.
Ha...ha...ha...
Hmm...
Yeah...
Maybe you like it because it relates more to like something tangible that can actually
happen maybe?  lLike that what did about ........
Like...
I met somebody and I was like, whoa, but that was not reciprocated.
Ha... ha... ha... ha... ha...
Ha.. ha... ha... ha... ha... ha...
I literally my joining oppoinik  with now like
I'm sure I could like have a whole bunch but...
That's true.
Yeah...